                                  Rashtrapati Bhawan
-----------------
|| DESCRIPTION ||
-----------------
On the opposite of the Rajpath is residence of the President of India and is one of the famous tourist places in visit in Delhi at night. Not among the typical tourist places in Delhi, access to this grand piece of architecture is restricted. With four floors and 340 rooms in a floor area of 200,000 square feet, it has a huge presidential gardens (Mughal Gardens), large open spaces, residences of bodyguards and staff, stables, other offices and utilities within its perimeter walls. This grand architectural building is the largest residence of any head of state around the world. The architectural design of the building is based on the design of the Edwardian Baroque. The middle dome of the building is the perfect amalgamation of the Indian and the British architectural styles. Just a walk past the monument will give you an idea of how grand the monument is.

-------------
|| DETAILS ||
-------------
Built By: Sir Edwin Lutyens
Built In: 1912
Opening hours: 9 am till late evening. For an inside visit, one can pre book at the official Rashtrapati Bhawan website.
Must visit: Stroll through the road and you will get a glimpse of Parliament House, National Secretariat and Defence Headquarters
Tip: Entry is restricted to only those who obtain a permit in advance.
Nearest Metro Station: Central Secretariat
Distance from Delhi airport: 12 Km (27 minutes).

-------------
|| REVEIWS ||
-------------
Alok Kumar
OCT 2022 
RATING - 5/5
This is very kind and pride of India. Full of  Design and wonderful architecture.Rashtrapati Bhawan is a famous monument of the British Empire which was said to be the palace of the Viceroy of India. It is now the home of the President of India.

Hasib Subaid
DEC 2022 
 RATING - 4/5
This is the Presidential Palace of India. The architectural beauty of this is amazing. I have visited there quite a long ago after evening.worth visiting 

------------------
|| MORE REVIEWS ||
------------------
Akshay Bagrecha
JULY 2022
RATING -5/5
This is onr of the most important heritage site .
The interior, architecture, design of the bhavan is at best.

Santosh kumar
MAY 2023
RATING - 5/5
Amrit Udyan in Rashtrapati Bhavan is one of its kind. This is a very beautiful and scenic place. The Amrit Udyan is full of varieties of flowers and greenery. It is spread over a huge area. A couple of water fountains are inside which adds to the beauty of the surroundings with the background music.

Mojahid hussain
APR 2023
RATING - 3/5
This place is amazing, but I dislike it because visitors has given no liberty to sit and enjoy the beauty of garden, as no seating space is provided here.

